- ♪ Rise of the ♪
♪ Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Rise of the ♪
♪ Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Heroes in the half-shell
Turtle power ♪
♪ Rising up against evil
paint the city green ♪
♪ Raph is ready for a fight
Leo's making a scene ♪
♪ Mikey's got mad skills
Donnie rocks machines ♪
♪ With each other
they discover ♪
♪ Their destiny and rise ♪
♪ Cowabunga ♪
♪ Rise of the ♪
♪ Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Heroes in the half-shell
Turtle power ♪
♪ Rise ♪
- Yeah!
[rock music]
- Okay, we got pizza rolls,
pizza balls, pizza tots,
pizza puffs,
and duck a l'orange pizza!
- As if today could get
any more perfect.
- Live from Tokyo,
the Extreme
Skateboarding Finals.
- Hey, it's starting, guys.
- Whoo-hoo!
- Huh?
- Three hours of insane tricks.
And the rumors are true--
Sydney Allen will attempt
a 14-40 on the mega ramp.
- Is that even possible?
- No way!
- She's gotta be a mutant.
- Hey.
I bet I could do a 14-40.
- [sighs] I will forego
my usual, "No, don't.
That's four rotations.
That's crazy talk, Leo,"
and skip right ahead to,
"Cover the food."
- For Sydney!
Hot soup!
- Whoa!
- [shouts]
[yelps]
♪ ♪
Oh, yeah!
Cowabunga!
- Huh?
- [grunts]
[laughter]
[crash, electricity crackles ]
- The Wi-Fi!
Wi-Fi.
Skating.
Raph watch.
Donnie fix.
Raph happy.
- I need pre-game.
Stats,
highlights of past stats,
projections of future stats.
We're missing
the stats, people!
- And we're gonna miss Sydney
and the 14-40!
all: [panicked screams]
- Everybody cool it!
There's worse things
in the world than--
oh, who am I kidding?
Our lives are ruined!
No, wait.
I got a fix.
But it ain't gonna be pretty.
Dad, you gotta let us watch TV.
[chattering on TV]
- We'll do anything.
- Anything?
Hmm...
That is more than something
and just shy of everything.
Go on.
- Gourmet dinners.
- Nostril waxing.
- Hey, Raph'll even
carry you around 24/7.
- Oh--ow!
- Despite the generous offer,
I must refuse.
We are in the golden age
of commercials.
I would bring disgrace
on my family
if I missed even one.
- You ever wanted ice cubes
but found pouring water
directly into the freezer
isn't helpful?
[chuckles]
Then you need...
women: ♪ Ice Tray brand
trays for ice ♪
♪ The thrill of chill
in ev-er-y fill ♪
- Okay, ideas, people.
My eyes need extreme
skateboarding ASAP.
- Maybe next time,
let's not put the Wi-Fi
in a high-traffic crash zone.
- Wi-Fi!
That's it.
I know what to do.
[sirens wailing]
[sneaky music]
- Gilbert's Department Store
after hours--
an idea par excellence,
Raphael.
- [laughs] I was due.
- And thanks to April's job
here last year,
we have the Wi-Fi password.
One.
[electronic beeping]
- We'll be right back
with more skateboarding.
Brought to you by Ice Tray
brand trays for ice.
- Yeah!
- Yes!
I love you guys, and
watching this with all of you
is my favorite brother
bonding day of the year.
[victorious music]
crowd: Sydney! Sydney! Sydney!
[crash]
- Did you guys hear that?
- You mean that loud bang?
No.
- Is anyone gonna check it out?
- And miss skateboarding?
Sounds like a job for the guy
who's always telling us
he's our leader.
- Fine, I'll go.
crowd: Sydney! Sydney! Sydney!
[mellow music]
[crash]
- Ah!
[ominous music]
- Did you hear that?
- You mean the loud thud of
a mannequin falling over?
[gulps]
No.
- Well, are you going
to check it out?
- Sounds like a job for the guy
who's always telling
the other guys he's boss,
but it's clear that the
other guy should be the boss
and that creates a lot
of workplace tension.
[chewing]
Fine, I'll go.
Hello?
Mr. Security Guard?
I am a local school child
locked in here after hours.
Can you help me
find my sensei--
I mean, my mommy-san?
Hmm...
- [exhales]
That Foot Face guy--
what's he doing here?
- It was just a mannequin.
Who could have
seen that coming?
Oh, right--me.
- Enough buffoonery.
Get back to work.
[gas whooshes]
[metal sizzling, crackling]
- Not good.
[panting]
Guys!
Those freaky flame-head guys
are back stealing jewelry.
Gear up, fellas.
Time to show 'em
what we think of that.
- Yeah, okay, you mean
like after we're done
watching the finals?
Cool.
- Come on, Leo,
crime never takes a break,
so neither can we.
- I'm not sure I follow.
You mean, like, on commercials?
- Oh, man,
you guys are killing me.
[loud crash]
Look, this is serious, fellas.
Okay?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Okay.
- [groans]
Fine!
We'll try to do both--
fight bad guys
and watch skating.
Hey, and we are real heroes.
- Yeah!
- Let's get 'em!
- Sydney's signing autographs
for the judges
before she goes.
For those of you
just tuning in,
Sydney Allen is about
to attempt the 14-40
on the Mega-Ramp.
It's the moment skate fans
have been waiting
their whole lives for.
[ ominous music ]
- We've got it!
- All right, hot heads.
- Huh?
- Hand over the ruby ring and--
- Sydney Allen is climbing up
the Mega-Ramp as I speak!
Ninja Turtles:
[excited chatter]
- [clears throat]
crowd: Sydney! Sydney! Sydney!
- Hey,
with ya in a sec, pal.
- Oh yeah!
- Yes!
- [grunts]
- But before she goes,
let's learn a little bit
about our judges.
- Boring!
- Lame!
- Okay--hey!
- Right, right.
Look here, forehead flambé,
we can do this the easy way,
or the hard way.
- But since we only have
a quick minute till
Sydney's back on, we are really
lobbying for the easy way.
- Super easy.
- Less talky, more smashy--
[grunts]
[mannequins clattering]
- So that's a hard pass?
- Nice punch, Hoss.
Too bad I snagged the ring.
- What?
You have no idea
what you're dealing with.
Give it back now!
[explosion]
- These paper guys--[grunts]
- [grunts]
[both grunting]
- Huh?
Attention, all bad guys--
your villainy ends now!
[yips]
[energetic music]
♪ ♪
- And now, Sydney's
warm up run on the Mega-Ramp.
- She's back on, guys!
Just an easy run, Sydney.
Save your strength
for the main event.
- [snarls]
- Sydney couldn't be more
primed to slay that 14-40!
- Can we call a quick timeout?
Then I promise we'll go back
to kicking your butts.
[grunting]
[mellow music]
- And if you missed it,
don't worry.
[chuckles]
- 'Cause we got the replay
coming your way.
- Yes!
crowd: Sydney! Sydney! Sydney!
- Down in front.
Come on.
Do I come to your life
and block your view
of your favorite show?
- [grunts]
- You don't mess with NYC!
Not on our watch!
- Your intrusion has
delayed our operation.
- Nobody likes
being interrupted
in the middle of plans
they had their hearts set on.
Am I right?
[laughs]
Good irony, Raph.
Mic drop.
No!
Sydney!
- What's a "Sydney"?
- "What's a Sydney"?
[screams]
- [hollering, grunts]
[mannequin parts clattering]
- What'd I miss?
- Everything.
It's a commercial again.
- [grumbles]
- ...But found
pouring water directly
into the freezer
isn't helpful?
Then you need...
women: ♪ Ice Tray brand
trays for ice ♪
- My Sydney box!
No!
women: ♪ In ev-er-y fill ♪
- A trade.
Tell the purple one to give us
back our plundered prize,
and then I'll return
your precious phone.
- Or we can do it my way.
Yes!
Guys, catch it!
- [groans]
No!
- [shrieks]
- No!
Take me instead!
Wait, Donnie's tablet!
It's our last hope!
- Phalange sandwich!
all: [groan]
- Yes!
- [snarls]
- [grunting]
[both yelp]
- Huh?
[both growling]
- [whoops]
[combative music]
[both screaming]
- Huh?
Ah!
all: [horrified screams]
[electricity crackling]
- No!
- No way!
- Is there even anything left
to fight for?
- [gasps]
[laughs]
- [sighs] You think
she got it on her first try?
- If anybody could.
- My bad, fellas.
I never should of thought
we could watch Sydney
and stop them.
- You were right.
We're heroes.
Heroes don't wait
until commercial.
Wait, where'd they go?
- Fool!
- They've got the ruby ring!
- Aww, nah.
They ruined our night.
We're ruining theirs.
[grunts]
[heavenly music]
Hey, Leo,
another try at the 14-40?
- Cowabunga!
[rock music]
[whoops]
♪ ♪
- Yeah!
- Yes!
[both screaming]
- [laughs]
- [grunts]
- Whoo-hoo!
- Yeah!
- Not a 14-40,
but three rotations
and a ring-saving steal.
Boo-to-the-yah!
- [excited grunting]
Too bad.
So sad.
Better luck next time.
- [coughing]
- [grumbles]
- Look what I found
at the guard desk.
It's battery powered!
- Yes!
- Yeah!
- So close on the first two.
I bet she's gonna
nail the 14-40 now.
- I believe in you, Sydney!
- Let's go, Sydney!
- I'll say it again--
I love you guys.
- Last chance.
Can she do it, folks?
One, two, three--
- We interrupt our program
to report a break-in
at Gilbert's Department Store.
all: No!
- Nooo!
[sirens wailing]
- [cackles]
Fools.
They thought we were after
a puny ring.
[ominous music]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪